docs: Editable is not currently supported (#16592)
conan-io/conan-center-index: docs/faqs.md

In summary, we do not recommend `full_package_mode` or any other custom package id mode for requirements on CCI, it will break other PRs soon or later.
Instead, prefer using `shared=True` by default, when needed.
Also, when having a similar situation, do not hesitate in opening an issue explaining your case, and ask for support from the community.

## Do ConanCenter recipes support editable mode?

> No, as they download source code the expectations is that it should not require development - which is the purpose of editable mode. 

Reviewer: I don't understand that statement. how exactly `download source code` implies `should not require development`? don't you use source code for development?
if they downloaded binaries, that statement could made sense, but otherwise...

> Recipes by default should support this however many use components to model upstream build system configuration files (see able why those are not allowed) as a result there is little support within ConanCenterIndex.

Author: ```suggestion
Recipes by default should support this however, many use components to model upstream build system configuration files (see above why those are not allowed) as a result there is little support within ConanCenterIndex.
```

> Recipes by default should support this however, many use components to model upstream build system configuration files (see above why those are not allowed) as a result there is little support within ConanCenterIndex.

Reviewer: what is `this` in this context?

Reviewer: also what is `those` in `those are not allowed`?

Reviewer: `see above` - where exactly? can we provide a direct link to the statement, instead of asking to read from the top to unspecified location?

> Recipes by default should support this however, many use components to model upstream build system configuration files (see above why those are not allowed) as a result there is little support within ConanCenterIndex.

Reviewer: I don't see here how `using components` is related to `editable mode`, it should be explained more clearly

> Small modifications (less than 5 lines) to enable support for this feature are more the welcome.

Author: ```suggestion
Small modifications (less than 5 lines) to enable support for this feature are more then welcomed.
```
